NARRATOR: Our heroes are on
their way to Snowbelle City and
Ash's next Gym battle, as Ash's
training comes to a full boil!
ASH: Greninja, Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ASH: Pikachu, dodge
and use Electro Ball!
PIKACHU: [DODGE]
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
ASH: All right,
Greninja, now use Cut!
GRENINJA:
[AFFIRMATIVE] [CUT MOVE]
ASH: Great stuff, Greninja!
Now, time to use Double Team!
GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
BONNIE: Wowee! They're into
their training like crazy!
CLEMONT: I'm having a battle
with them right after dinner.
SERENA: Hey, Ash!
You'll catch a cold! Here!
ASH: Don't worry!
I'll be just fine.
GIOVANNI: I hear you've been
quite successful in Kalos.
It appears
you're all doing well.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH: Sir!
GIOVANNI: Especially Meowth. You
deserve great praise for your
intelligence, and your robot
piloting skills in the service
of catching that Pikachu.
MEOWTH: Thanks. It's an honor.
GIOVANNI: Let me reward you.
Let me reward you. Let me reward
you. Let me reward you.
MEOWTH: Uh'Scuse me I'm having
trouble breathing Rewards are
great, but oxygen is, too.
JESSIE: Meowth! Wobbuffet!
WOBBUFFET: [SNORING]
JAMES: Inkay!
JESSIE: You can't sleep the
day away. We've got a Pikachu to
catch pronto!
JAMES: A good sleep
comes from hard work
MEOWTH: Oh, man it
was just a dumb dream.
JESSIE: You kept saying Boss.
JAMES: Sounds
like corporate dreaming to me.
MEOWTH: Corporate? Whatever.
Look. The point is, we've just
gotta catch that
power house Pikachu pronto!
So good things can happen to me
WOBBUFFET: [CONCERNED]
INKAY: [CONFUSED]
JIMMY: Check it out!
That Pikachu you want
JIMMY: Can't be
stronger than my Pikachu!
SPIKE: [THRASHING]
JESSIE: He's got it
turned up to twelve.
JAMES: At least. Turning it
to zero would be my preference.
JIMMY: Shredding the
guitar on the road is my gig.
Being Jimmy the
Pikachu Trainer is, too!
JIMMY: And this
Pikachu is my partner, Spike,
rocking the house!
JIMMY: We're on a journey in
search of other strong Pikachu!
MEOWTH:
Uh I think they blew a fuse.
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JIMMY: So! Where's that
Pikachu you were rapping about?!
JESSIE:
Like who knew we could rap?
JAMES: Not I.
MEOWTH: Word up
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
BONNIE: Ash sure
is taking his time.
CLEMONT: That's
because he was training almost
until the sun came up.
SERENA: Wake him up for us,
will you, Bonnie?
BONNIE: Sure!
BONNIE: Oh. Ash!
Breakfast is ready!
ASH: It's ready It's ready
SERENA: Morning!
Go wash up. Hungry?
DEDENNE: [SURPRISED]
ASH: Now's our chance. Now! Now!
SERENA: What's wrong?!
ASH: I
SERENA: I what?
ASH: Iron Tail Pikachu.
SERENA: Oh no, Ash!
BONNIE: What's wrong?
CLEMONT: What do we do?!
SERENA:Ash has a fever!
He's burning up!
CLEMONT: He needs
to get back to bed!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
SERENA:
He must have a high fever.
The wash‐ cloth
gets warm so fast!
CLEMONT: He got soaked
yesterday, so he must've
caught a really bad cold.
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
BONNIE:
You must be worried, too.
CLEMONT: He'll be fine!
I'll go get some medicine.
BONNIE: Hey,
I wanna go with you!
SERENA: Wait a minute!
SERENA: From where we are now
There's a pharmacy! Just south
of here! Take this with you.
BONNIE: 'Kay.
BONNIE: Take good
care of Ash for us.
DEDENNE: [ENCOURAGING]
SERENA: Just leave it to me!
PIKACHU: [THANKFUL]
CLEMONT/BONNIE:
We'll be back soon!
SERENA: I've gotta
be strong, no matter what.
PANCHAM: [EXERTION]
BRAIXEN: [PLEASED]
PANCHAM: [OFFERING]
SERENA: Great,
Pancham. Braixen. Thank you!
SERENA: <quiet touch REACT>
SERENA: He looks much
better to me than before.
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
SERENA: We'll take care of
everything until they bring the
medicine, then
Ash can get better!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: What in the world is
making that deafening racket?
JIMMY: Shredding
guitar on the road's my gig.
Being Jimmy the
Pikachu Trainer is, too!
JIMMY: Oh yeah! Does that
Pikachu travel with Ash Ketchum
from Pallet Town?
Word has it it's really strong!
‐SPIKE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
‐SERENA: Really strong?
Yes, it is
JIMMY: Yeah, YEAH! I can't
believe I found them in a flash!
I'm so awesome
SPIKE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
SERENA: I'm sorry.
Could you keep it down.
JIMMY: Let me guess. You're one
of Ash's buddies, am I right?
SERENA: Uh, yes,
but here's the thing
JIMMY: Listen up!
Give him a message!
SPIKE: [THRASHING]
JIMMY: I'm into my Pikachu so
much I don't battle using any
other Pokémon ever!
JIMMY: If I hear there's
a strong Pikachu out west
I go there to battle it!
JIMMY: And if I hear there's
a strong Pikachu out east I go
there, too! I'll go anywhere to
prove my Pikachu can't be beat!
SERENA: Uh Can you
turn it down a little bit?
JIMMY: Hey Ash from Pallet Town!
I challenge you to a rocking
and rolling Pokémon battle!
JIMMY: And,
not just any Pokémon battle!
I'm talking full‐out
Pikachu against Pikachu!
BRAIXEN: [PAINED]
SERENA: STOP IT!!
SERENA:
That guy's gonna wake Ash up!
JIMMY: It's time for a battle,
Ash! I want you to show me you
and your
Pikachu's amazing skills!
SERENA: Okay. Okay! I'll go get
him, now stop shouting already!
JIMMY:
You'll really go get him?!
SERENA: Please wait right here.
SERENA: If Ash finds out he's
been challenged, I know he'll
want to battle, even if
he's in no condition to do so.
SERENA: [SHOCKED]
ASH: Okay, Greninja.
Use Double Team.
SERENA: [RELIEVED]
SERENA: I can't let Ash get into
a battle right now. But I doubt
that Jimmy guy is the kind to
leave even if I tell him what
the situation is.
I said I'd take care of Ash,
so what am I going to do?!
SERENA: I have to do it!
For Ash's sake!
JIMMY: [CURIOUS]
SERENA: Here I am.
SERENA: I'm Ash
Ketchum from Pallet Town!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Kirlia!"
JIMMY: What do you think, kid?!
Check out my Pikachu!
The strongest of the strongest!
JIMMY : It's the
ultimate Pikachu. Here's Spike!
SPIKE: [EXCITED] [THRASHING]
SERENA: Thank goodness he
bought it. Stay calm, Serena.
You've got to do
your best for Ash!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
SERENA: Thank you, Pikachu!
JAMES: Who would have
thought he would make contact
with the Twerp?
MEOWTH: He may play too loud,
but at least he's determined.
JESSIE: So that loudmouth thinks
he can beat the Twerp's Pikachu?
MEOWTH: Yeah. You can't
win with determination alone
JAMES: But on the odd chance
that they're really strong,
I say we procure the
Twerp's Pikachu while it's in
a weakened state.
JESSIE: That sounds great!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: Pikachu! I choose you!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
JIMMY: Excellent!
You've got the first move!
SERENA: Now, Pikachu.
Quick Attack, let's go!
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
JIMMY: Same here!
Use Quick Attack, too!
SPIKE: [QUICK
ATTACK MOVE] [GRUNT] [FALLING]
PIKACHU: [GRUNT] [FALLING]
PIKACHU: [SLIDING]
SPIKE: [CONFIDENT]
JIMMY: Yeah! You're quick!
The word on the
street is straight up.
And I'm getting stoked!
SERENA: It looks like
this guy isn't just all talk.
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
SERENA: That's a
well‐trained Pikachu.
JIMMY: Now,
Spike, Thunder Punch!
SPIKE: [THUNDER PUNCH MOVE]
SERENA: Dodge it!
PIKACHU: [DODGING]
SERENA: Now use Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JIMMY:
All right, Spike, use Dig!
SPIKE: [DIG MOVE]
PIKACHU: [LANDING]
SERENA: Where's it
going to attack from next?
What would Ash do
in a situation like this?!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
PIKACHU: [WARNING]
SERENA: Pikachu's right!
I've watched Ash's
battling style up close
more than anybody!
ASH: Iron Tail again!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
SERENA: Now, Pikachu!
Use Iron Tail, let's go!
PIKACHU: [LEAP] [IRON TAIL MOVE]
SPIKE: [STARTLED]
JIMMY: What was that about?!
SERENA: Great job!
Use Iron Tail once more!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
SPIKE: [YELLING] [CRASHING]
BRAIXEN/PANCHAM/SYLVEON:
[CHEERING]
JIMMY: Are you okay?!
SPIKE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JIMMY: Perfect. This is
what I've been searching for!
SERENA: You just wait.
When it comes to what I can do,
you haven't seen anything!
SERENA: Oh my gosh,
I can't believe it worked!
JAMES: Say, good match.
JESSIE: I have a thought. Since
the loudmouth's Pikachu seems as
strong as the Twerp's Pikachu,
why don't we grab them
both for a double play?
MEOWTH: Whoa!
You're a genius, genius!
JESSIE: Of course. Feel free
to recognize that all you want.
MEOWTH: Yeah
GIOVANNI: Let me reward you.
MEOWTH: That means
the Boss'll reward me
GIOVANNI: Reward you reward you
MEOWTH: And I'll be wide‐awake!
JESSIE: Uh, Jessie to Meowth
MEOWTH: Let's roll this rock.
PHARMACIST : Thank you!
BONNIE: We got it!
Does that mean Ash will
be all better soon?
CLEMONT: Right.
Let's hurry back!
BONNIE: Yeah!
BONNIE: Hurry, Clemont!
CLEMONT: Wait for me, Bonnie!
BONNIE: Look at that.
CLEMONT: Is that Ash?
BONNIE: How can he be battling?
DEDENNE: [CURIOUS]
CLEMONT: Hold on.
CLEMONT: Is that?
SERENA: Bring it on!
BONNIE: Serena!
Why are you dressed up like Ash?
BONNIE: Why are you?
‐JIMMY: They your friends?
‐SERENA: Friends? My friends?
SERENA: Yeah, you bet!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: Did you
get the medicine?
CLEMONT: Uh huh. Ash will
feel much better in no time.
What about you?
SERENA: He challenged
Ash and Pikachu to a battle
CLEMONT: Sure. I get it.
Well, at least I think I get it.
You just leave the rest to me!
SERENA: Right.
I'm counting on you!
CLEMONT: 'Kay, let
BONNIE: Oh yeah. Good luck, Ash
SERENA: Sorry about that.
I didn't mean to make you wait!
JIMMY: All right!
Back to the battle!
CLEMONT: Here, take this.
BONNIE: Please, Ash.
You've gotta get well quick.
CLEMONT:
Let's let the medicine work.
SERENA: Now, Pikachu!
Thunderbolt, let's go!
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
JIMMY: It's party time!
Let's show them how
to rock out! Thunderbolt!
SPIKE: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
SPIKE: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JIMMY: Good stuff!
SERENA: Check this out!
Use Quick Attack!
JIMMY: You use
Quick Attack as well!
SPIKE: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
PIKACHU/SPIKE: [YELLING]
PIKACHU/SPIKE:
[STARTLED] [STRUGGLING]
JIMMY: What's that?!
JESSIE: Prepare for trouble,
you don't have a clue Oh yeah
JAMES: And make
it double the anguish!
Of not knowing what else to do
JESSIE: To protect the
world from devastation! Oh yeah
JAMES: Testify. Uniting
all people within our nation!
Oh yeah!
MEOWTH: OH YEAH!
Right on! Dudes, OH YEAH!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: To denounce the
evils...of truth and love.
JAMES: To extend our
reach to the stars above!
MEOWTH: See what the
new kid on the block's made of!
JESSIE: Love's evil. And so are
you. And that still holds true
JAMES: But wait. There's so
much more. Hold onto your seats!
Get ready.
JESSIE: Would you
like to know who we are?!
JAMES: We traveled
here from a rising star!
MEOWTH: To mess with you
dumb Twerps. Hardee‐har‐HAR!
JESSIE: Your gullible
nature knows no bounds!
JAMES: No matter the costume,
we're making the rounds!
‐JESSIE: Jessie!
‐JAMES: And James.
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of sound and light!
JAMES: Surrender now or prepare
for an earsplitting fight!
MEOWTH: Meowth, that's right!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Oh, we've got it.
JIMMY: You guys are back again?!
SERENA: You know them?
JIMMY: They're the ones
who gave me the lowdown on
what's up with your Pikachu!
SERENA: They did?!
JAMES: We were strategizing
to make off with the Twerp's
Pikachu once it was in a
weakened battling state.
MEOWTH: But when we realized
there were two strong Pikachu
JESSIE: We figured out the
best thing we could do was wait!
JESSIE: Is that the Twerpette
dressed up as the Twerp?!
SERENA: Busted!
JAMES: Say. You're right.
What's with the getup?
MEOWTH: Are those
chumps into cosplaying?
JIMMY: They said Twerp.
Twerpette, too. What's going on?
PIKACHU/SPIKE:
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
MEOWTH: Save your strength,
Pikachu. Your zaps are worth
zip‐zero‐nada when you fling
them against our zappy traps!
JESSIE: All right. We've
won, you know, so let's go.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
That's all for the show!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: Hey come back here!
JESSIE: Who had the
nerve to stop our progress?!
ASH: That was me!
Tough, Team Rocket!
SERENA: You're all right!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
Look, it's the Twerp!
SERENA: But you
were so sick before.
ASH: Not now!
Thanks to Clemont and Bonnie!
CLEMONT: I guess I shouldn't
be surprised. A normal person
would've taken a
day or more to get well.
ASH: So, Serena!
You battled in my place, right?
JIMMY: Uh, what's going on?
ASH: We can talk about all
that later. Right now, getting
Pikachu back is all that counts!
SERENA: I really hope you'll
forgive me. I meant no harm.
JIMMY: You!
SERENA: Ash!
ASH: 'Kay. do it, Greninja!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Oh, if we had only
gotten away while the getting
was good, we'd be gone.
JAMES: Inkay! Psybeam!
JESSIE: You're up, Gourgeist!
Use Shadow Ball!
GOURGEIST/INKAY: [APPEARING]
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
GOURGEIST: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ASH: Greninja! Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
SERENA: 'Kay, le lp them out!
Braixen, use Flamethrower!
Pancham, use Dark Pulse,
and Sylveon, use Swift!
BRAIXEN/ PANCHAM/SYLVEON:
[AFFIRMATIVE]
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
PANCHAM: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
SYLVEON: [SWIFT MOVE]
JIMMY: Wow. She rocks.
ASH: Now, Greninja, use Cut!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
PIKACHU/SPIKE: [YELLING]
‐JESSIE: Unfair!
‐JAMES: I'm calling foul!
MEOWTH: Dumb call!
PIKACHU/SPIKE: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [QUESTION]
SPIKE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU/SPIKE: [RUNNING]
SERENA:
Thank goodness you're okay!
JIMMY: Yeah, rock and ROLL!
SPIKE: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: You okay, buddy?
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH: Now whadda we do?
JESSIE: Act like we lost.
JAMES: Don't look now
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT: [GLARING]
ASH:
Now, Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
JIMMY: Spike, Thunderbolt, too!
PIKACHU/SPIKE: [EXERTION]
SPIKE: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
MEOWTH: Guess my reward
from the Boss's gonna have to
wait a bit longer.
JAMES: Hey, what reward?
JESSIE: If anyone
gets a reward, it's ME!
MEOWTH:
It's my dream, not yours!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GOURGEIST: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: We did it, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA:
Thanks for all your help!
BRAIXEN/PANCHAM/SYLVEON: [HAPPY]
JIMMY: By the way
JIMMY: I really don't like
the way you were pulling my leg.
But I've gotta admit. The
way you worked with your Pokémon
JIMMY: You majorly
rocked the HOUSE! YOW!
SERENA: Thanks, Jimmy!
BONNIE/: [AMUSED]
JIMMY: All right!
I think it's time for a jam!
JIMMY: Yeah!
JIMMY: Whooo!
JIMMY: Wow! Yeah, yeah,
yeah! Wowowowowow! Wowowowowow!
ASH: Oh yeah! You came to
battle with me, didn't you?
All right, whaddaya say?
JIMMY: Bring it on, my brother
ASH: Uh, sorry about that. You
don't mind if I have something
to eat first, do you?
JIMMY: Food now?
ASH: I haven't eaten anything
all day, and I'm starving.
CLEMONT:
I'll whip something up quick!
BONNIE: Wait a sec!
I wanna help, too!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SQUISHY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: Want to join us, Jimmy?
We've got plenty.
SERENA: Everything
Clemont makes is so good!
JIMMY:
That sounds really nice, Serena.
NARRATOR: It's amazing how
a Pokémon battle can be the
catalyst for so many friendships
and encounters. And that surely
must be what's crossing Serena's
mind as she watches Ash,
Jimmy and their
Pikachu sitting there together
NARRATOR:
as the journey continues!